The police are in need, speaking from your center for the first time this winter.
During the week, snow and fire picked up the ground on the safe path.
The week was invented by the Center for Keyfollow.
Monday delivered a full dress speech on the center floor,
as the fort over the Atlantic Union residents.
The university included my effort to fill the state of the nation.
Wednesday was back in Washington with the local housing bill.
The remainder of the week's Center for Keyfollow was participated in the debate
on the proposal regarding natural gas, which was resumed in an increase in consumers' gas rates and fast.
Friday he addressed the National Federation of private schools associated with the state.
But the people of Tennessee and Femme don't issue the National Education to Washington.
Here at Wednesday, on the Center for Keyfollow.
Well, thank you, Charlie. We did have a very busy week and much has occurred in the country and the community.
It's a much bigger time for the side, not these little visits.
Overview our fireway with any questions, and thanks for the food.
Senator, there was much big news in Washington during the week.
They have the most sensational and positive and most vital.
Inferring the charges of climate connections in the state department,
as that investigation is coming along.
Well, thank you for watching this video.
The Witthpunson has decided to keep this week for a tennis par on relation to sub-competition.
Charging mediums for all of you from the state department is being announced,
coming into the coming of the state department.
Most of the name centers in the country has mentioned things that are originally announced before the House of corporations.
In the hideous company, they have previously been investigated.
He thinks there are 57 sub-competition security risks in the state department.
The investigation has shown so far that some of those suspected centers in the state department are not and never have been.
Senator, what are your own decisions from the charge centers?
Well, that's a difficult answer that the state is adhering.
The truth is not all that is in the data yet, and they cannot know just what proof centers in the market will be able to produce.
Just by all means, they are all tied to those accused and that they have the system in the market.
There's no evidence that the drug force to use the system, that's our mind, the rest on the issue, or the justify the aftertaste.
With the lack of weight, you see what happens before anyone can be justified and drunk as a conclusion, for 61 way or the other.
Of course, if they are a bad security risk in the state department or in any other branch of the government,
we want to see them found out and kicked out and assume it was a better.
At the same time, at the best, situations that have a territory and wrongly of Americans that are accused of facts,
and the headlines, they are over the radio and discussed all over the country with the charge centers.
At this time, when we have seen convictions in our force on charges of treason, among the first and the second,
it is difficult for those leaders to now and attempt to correct use to ever restore people's confidence in them.
It is time that they understood that they were wrongdoing.
I remember one occasion, a person with a few, the UnAmerican Act, which made a developed that is entirely in the state.
It had already been some days ago that this person is still suffering from the effects that have been charged with this again.
Both of these situations are dangerous to our national security.
I will discuss the many following this subject and getting at the bottom of this whole thing, but I'm engaging in a witch witch hunt on one side or in a white wash on the other.
I'm sure that the committee under the chairman should have passed the first message.
Hello!
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye!
I might say Charlie and Madison have gotten into this investigation.
We must have seen, at the United States Department, all the way down the street with them many times, on that regard,
and have them as part of the policy and handling foreign affairs, but we must assume that they are loyal and that they want to have loyal and flowy working for them and do what they want to get all the communist out.
So I think it is an easy way to turn it to the attitude and to the state department that one of the departments should have taken up this,
and I think it would be a big department to give them a chance to correct any errors and any further than they did in the rest of the day to talk about it on the Senate floor.
Well, thank you, Senator. Now, housing was in the news during the week also. What happened to affect this in the United States?
Well, if a vision was worth, what would have made housing available for persons in the middle of any of the coming projects, was distributed by five votes on the floor of the fence?
I did all I could to think about that as a best vision, because there is a remaining gap in our housing needs.
To much of our presence, housing program has gone far into its buildings and apartment buildings, just a lot of the reach to the average fund.
Some clearance program is getting the work as expected from now, and we need to slow the streets by providing housing for another anytime soon.
Our labelled with the task that the understanding does contain some good provisions.
As a news, the FAP program will not be ensuring mortgages on private homes and the small loans to cover repairs and food.
Another provision would make possible the rest of the long-term loan loan to substance who are unable to obtain private finance.
Well, that will certainly be welcome news in some parts of Tennessee, and may it place it, but it is said that it is unable to buy a fund under the gui bill of rights.
Yes, it will be a very tough task for substance, but it is made clear in the bill that they must make it sure that they cannot secure private finance before they are eligible to obtain the benefits of housing provisions.
Then another section on the bill will help educational institutions to construct housing facilities for students and members of the faculty with long-term, low-cost loans, and we all know about the need for home-to-part students and members of the faculty and many of the schools and the kind of things.
So much that it has in real center.
You know, we are witnessing a reversal of coal here in Washington. It used to be that it measured the gas in the house and killed in the city. Now the reversing industry is still there.
Well, that's almost the right journey, but not the quiet power.
Recent events, certainly far out of great deal of that statement, however.
We have to build a misfinity to give home room and a vote for the residents of the District of Columbus.
That bill is all bottled up in the house. It has a large stockage resolution because the people are greater void than the election of the president.
I think this is much too much to satisfy a system all over the United States. At this resolution, if you know it's been killed in the house of the president.
And another instance I recall is the bill providing for federal aid to education, which is passed and is financed by large majority, but it's been taken hold in the House of Education's committee.
And I bet the education bill you mentioned within the news during the week 2, what happened to it?
Well, most unfortunate news is that the Senate passed federal aid to education bills, died in the house committee on labor and education.
A great controversy developed over there over the way the aid program to be administered.
The bill was sent into the room and it has left it to the state themselves to prepare how the use funds for the education bill is spending.
But the fight in the house was concerned with the question of providing aid for religious food.
The fight was better than the vote, so by marking a one-third of the committee's health issues.
That's a shame. Only in one vote in one house of time, the bench facility in the Tennessee is having better teachers and better facilities. But I guess that's the message.
Well, Sally, I will sometime explain the fact that such a project is a new, ever-one-of-the-bodies place for most of them, needs aid in the education of folks.
Our children were tough with the consequences, and that's some means to be found to settle the aid to your argument to change the situation.
That's where it is, and an important issue, I'm impressed you admit. But somehow it does appear we define ways and means to provide the best possible education for the use of our country.
Well, there is a bit of energy during the recent, and it's finally used to provide an energy to use.
I refer to the senator, Edward Johnson, the principal of the license, Louis Actors and Actors, which year are we asking to that to vote?
The president of the guy, who is just a few six lives, has been a special and most highly-spoken.
It may be argued that an instrument of the population that is used in the basement is reflecting on their moral behaviors.
If they were subjected to an equal amount of swear-up, it may be argued also that people who are in the public eye, who seem properly careful, but are pretty careful, probably used to the murder.
Well, the party are about to face the use of the British, slightly skeptical and erotic, and most of the folks are confused.
And the reason behind the use of swear-up, not as far as I am as an unethical, is because of the dangerous news personality.
It may affect the knowledge of our young people.
From that standpoint, at some point there is no evidence that the purpose of the purpose is to be.
On the other hand, this is the Southern Regimentation of I base its use.
MIPM, which is probably as far as the issue of my citizenship might be filed, and actually a bit of a privilege of earning a living.
So doing it and not doing something regulated by that actress, you'll live this belief otherwise.
There is one thing that regulates this type of music I actually see, which regulates my thanks to being termed by the individual's power.
And the regulates the power that lies, because it actually is an actress who is here in those pictures.
I didn't rate up the bill, the bill is subject to hearings, and I guess it will be, and there will be some fireworks to be forthcoming.
So I'm supposed to say that our time has drawn sharp, but I didn't want you to say a word about lending your guns on the hate department over the species
during the wake, it came with an open season on the hate department or I like.
So I thought it didn't end in terms of these jumping on as departments probably, kind of it all because other people are doing so.
And I just like to jump on official government, because I know that they do have a very hard time, and sometimes they're officially not appreciated.
But the matter of the season still is very vital, and the State Department has such a little imagination.
The last thing I would not be doing last-born duty or last-time body is the attention of the American people to this situation.
The official to the State Department don't seem to realize that the American people are far ahead of them and they're thinking about the heat.
If our people are spoken with no truth, then it can turn into no harm.
I would be much more sure to hear what it is that it's all they're doing in the week.
However, the weather convention on the floor of the park is over.
It can be approached in this attitude.
We don't know what can be done, but we have pretty much going to the time and talk about it this time now.
There's a glad abuting and there's not the answers to our problems, which is great no further time in finding out that's fine.
First of all, it is my opinion that the calling of the convention on the street people to the North Atlantic region is the next logical, struck-and-out task to keep.
We're certainly going to have to have some children to work on and to create the imagination of the street people of the North Atlantic after the Marshall's plan was spoken this time in the 1960s.
This opinion is shared by four of my colleagues and four of them do the illustrations as much more should be done immediately,
and it is now being done by the State Department.
It's got to have a team file all.
I said it in about 10 seconds here, I wanted you to tell us what it is to take the way you're regarding your resolution to investigate the crime.
There you are. I've been working out after having passed the judiciary committee by the unanimous vote.
Automaticly goes to the rules that is administration committee with a lot to the money out of the system,
and the following out of the industry, in this case, we have $400,000.
We went down to the committee to get our money and we went into a huge mistake to make the right decision for the Congress committee to finish sending the necessary instructions and not to do this.
We made a year thinking that this needs to be successful.
We are looking after it.
We need to get more out.
We need to get out.
I'm on the floor now.